Well, many things, cybersecurity is just about technology.
It's really a lot more than that.
It's an art as well as a science.
Developing a security mindset means having the ability to understand
the past and current trends to better understand the future.
It's about being curious,
tenacious, and always learning.
It takes a certain mindset to understand security.
In March 2008, security guru Bruce Schneier
spoke about the security mindset in his blog, Schneier on security.
In the article, he explained his methods for
developing your intuition about cybersecurity.
You really need to c☑heck it out using the link.
Security professionals look at the world differently.
We try to figure out how things work to better understand how others may break it,
and what we need to do to protect it.
For example, we walk into a store or airport or museum.
We naturally look for security guards and cameras.
It's the same on computers where we look for vulnerabilities and
error messages to better understand how the technology works.
We try to figure out how security can be
bypassed to better understand how it can be strengthened.
In developing your intuition about cybersecurity,
consider three mantras or ideas.
First is trust but verify.
This means to double-check everything we do because
one thing missed can mean millions of dollars lost.
Stop, think, connect means to take a timeout when something doesn't feel or seem right,
take a few seconds to think about it before you click or connect.
It comes from the US Department of Homeland Security as
their way to help everyone be Cyber Safe.
If you see something, say something.
This means to report what you find.
For example, if I'm surfing the web and I get an error on a website,
I'll report it to the website owner.
Throughout this course and your life,
continually be building your security mindset and developing your security intuition.
You'll quickly learn that it will serve you well.